Add terraform snippets to Promtail GCP Logs documentation (#7526)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/promtail/gcplog-cloud.md

--push-endpoint=$HTTPS_PUSH_ENDPOINT_URI
```

## Setup using Terraform

> 

Reviewer: Better to include "Getting started guide for terraform" here? Something like

NOTE: How to use Terraform is out of the scope of this doc. You can find [this](<link>) guide useful

Saying because, using this script as it is may not work, as it requires some pre-req like `terraform init` and other things.

Author: Agree, adding note.

> You can configure all resources created in the steps above with the `gcloud` CLI, but with terraform. First, the following snippet will add the resources needed for both `pull` and `push` flavours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You also have the option of creating the required resources for GCP Log collection with terraform. First, the following snippet will add the resources needed for both `pull` and `push` flavours.
```

```terraform
// Provider module
provider "google" {
  project = "$GCP_PROJECT_ID"
}

// Topic
resource "google_pubsub_topic" "main" {
  name = "cloud-logs"
}

// Log sink
variable "inclusion_filter" {
  type        = string

>   description = "GCP Logs query filtering down which logs should be sent to Promtail."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  description = "Optional GCP Logs query which can filter logs being routed to the pub/sub topic and promtail"
```

}

resource "google_logging_project_sink" "main" {
  name                   = "cloud-logs"
  destination            = "pubsub.googleapis.com/${google_pubsub_topic.main.id}"
  filter                 = var.inclusion_filter
  unique_writer_identity = true
}

resource "google_pubsub_topic_iam_binding" "log-writer" {
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.main.name
  role  = "roles/pubsub.publisher"
  members = [
    google_logging_project_sink.main.writer_identity,
  ]
}
```

> Then, another snippet needs to be added depending on wether the `pull` or `push` flavour is chosen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, another snippet needs to be added depending on whether the `pull` or `push` flavour is chosen.
```

### Pull

> The following snippet configures the pull subscription, for Promtail to subscribe to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following snippet configures a subscription to the pub/sub topic which Promtail will subscribe to.
```

```terraform
// Subscription
resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "main" {
  name  = "cloud-logs"
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.main.name
}
```

> Then, the new resources can be applied by running, filling the required variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, to create the new resources run the snippet below after filling in the required variables.
```

```bash
terraform apply \
    -var="inclusion_filter=<GCP Logs query of what logs to include>"
```

### Push

> The following snippet configures the push subscription, for GCP to send logs to Promtail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following snippet configures a push subscription to the pub/sub topic which will forward logs to Promtail.
```

```terraform
// Subscription
variable "push_endpoint_url" {
  type        = string
  description = "Public URL where Promtail is hosted."
}

resource "google_pubsub_subscription" "main" {
  name  = "cloud-logs"
  topic = google_pubsub_topic.main.name
  push_config {
    push_endpoint = var.push_endpoint_url
    attributes = {
      x-goog-version = "v1"
    }
  }
}
```

> Then, the new resources can be applied by running, filling the required variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, to create the new resources run the snippet below after filling in the required variables.
```
